---
title: "Untitled"
author: "zarko maroli"
source: ebook
---

| t
 | t

### Boogie-no-more|omz Boogie-Woogie-B.Troyed.B.Robbed.B.Raped.B.Traying.B.Systematics Caught in the spidernets of betraying systematics officially raped by officials: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Former private zones blocked by monoliths for the publy VJ Ewing of all yours You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Your mind's in possession of the state, "Santa Nu Doc Mengele" - it's capital, 'Enteignet' by a 'Fürsorgliche Gesellschaft' - that's the bitter-non-sweet-cruel lie, maybe the greatest of 'em all... And the watching eye, whereever you don't look, steels the rest of all your intimacy, whereever you may roam, for the rest of your whole small life, whenever you try to take a breath, whereever you try breathing: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your small live no boogie there will be! https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B30871ANlQ1EbUN1M3AxdTV3MUk/edit?usp=sharing | Boogie-Woogie-B.Troyed.B.Robbed.B.Raped.B.Traying.B.Systematics Caught in the spidernets of betraying systematics officially raped by officials: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Former private zones blocked by monoliths for the publy VJ Ewing of all yours You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Your mind's in possession of the state, "Santa Nu Doc Mengele" - it's capital, 'Enteignet' by a 'Fürsorgliche Gesellschaft' - that's the bitter-non-sweet-cruel lie, maybe the greatest of 'em all... And the watching eye, whereever you don't look, steels the rest of all your intimacy, whereever you may roam, for the rest of your whole small life, whenever you try to take a breath, whereever you try breathing: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your small live no boogie there will be! https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B30871ANlQ1EbUN1M3AxdTV3MUk/edit?usp=sharing
Boogie-Woogie-B.Troyed.B.Robbed.B.Raped.B.Traying.B.Systematics Caught in the spidernets of betraying systematics officially raped by officials: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Former private zones blocked by monoliths for the publy VJ Ewing of all yours You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your live boogie will be! Your mind's in possession of the state, "Santa Nu Doc Mengele" - it's capital, 'Enteignet' by a 'Fürsorgliche Gesellschaft' - that's the bitter-non-sweet-cruel lie, maybe the greatest of 'em all... And the watching eye, whereever you don't look, steels the rest of all your intimacy, whereever you may roam, for the rest of your whole small life, whenever you try to take a breath, whereever you try breathing: You can boogie no more! You can boogie-woogie no more! There's no boogie for you, anymore! Never no more in your small live no boogie there will be! https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B30871ANlQ1EbUN1M3AxdTV3MUk/edit?usp=sharing