---
title: "'Throw first punch'"
author: "zarko maroli"
source: "omx_validator_phase6"
source_file: "OffeneFragenUnfertigeBilder_Vorarbeit.md"
source_index: 437
word_count: 528
kb_match_status: "NEW"
kb_best_sim: 0.00
integration_proposal_date: "2026-04-09"
---

# 'Throw first punch'

></a>'Throw first punch'</h2><p>According to the <a href="http://eng.putin.kremlin.ru/bio">Kremlin website</a>, Mr Putin wanted to work in Soviet intelligence "even before he finished school".</p><p>"Fifty years ago the Leningrad street taught me a rule: if a fight is inevitable you have to throw the first punch," <a href="http://echo.msk.ru/blog/day_video/1645224-echo/">Mr Putin said in October 2015</a>.</p><p>It is better to fight "terrorists" in Syria, he explained, than to wait for them to strike in Russia.</p><p>He also used the crude language of a streetfighter when defending his military onslaught against separatist rebels in Chechnya, vowing to wipe them out "even in the toilet".</p><p>The mainly Muslim North Caucasus republic was left devastated by heavy fighting in 1999-2000, in which thousands of civilians died.</p><p>For Mr Putin, Georgia became another Caucasus flashpoint.</p><p>In 2008 his forces routed the Georgian army and took over two breakaway regions - Abkhazia and South Ossetia.</p><p>It was a very personal clash with Georgia's then pro-Nato President, Mikheil Saakashvili. And it showed Mr Putin's readiness to undermine pro-Western leaders in former Soviet states.</p><p>Vladimir Putin: From spy to president</p><ul><li>Born 7 October 1952 in Leningrad (now St Petersburg)</li><li>Studies law and joins KGB after university</li><li>Serves as a spy in communist East Germany - some ex-KGB comrades later get top state posts in Putin era</li><li>1990s - top aide to St Petersburg mayor Anatoly Sobchak, who had previously taught him law</li><li>Enters Boris Yeltsin's Kremlin in 1997, made chief of Federal Security Service (the FSB - main successor of the KGB), then prime minister</li><li>New Year's Eve, 1999 - Yeltsin quits and names him acting president</li><li>Easily wins presidential election in March 2000.</li></ul><p><a href="http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32076836">Putin still in fashion 15 years on</a></p><p><a href="http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-32066222">Vladimir Putin's formative German years</a></p><p><a href="http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33982267">Church lends weight to Putin patriotism</a></p><p><a href="http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32283456">Patriotic fervour on the rise in Russia</a></p><p>Mr Putin appears to relish his macho image, helped by election stunts like flying into Chechnya in a fighter jet in 2000 and appearing at a Russian bikers' festival by the Black Sea in 2011.</p><p>The Night Wolves bikers' gang played a prominent role in whipping up patriotic fervour during Russia's takeover of Crimea in 2014.</p><p>Image copyright AFP Image caption Back to nature in Siberia: Mr Putin has cultivated a macho image which appeals to many Russians Image copyright AFP Image caption In 2011 Mr Putin joined nationalist bikers - called the Night Wolves - for a Black Sea festival Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Putin was filmed in August 2015 enjoying a gym session with Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev Image copyright Reuters Image caption Family fitness: Mr Putin's younger daughter, Katerina Tikhonova, dances acrobatic rock 'n' roll Image copyright AFP Image caption March 2013: Mr Putin plays in the snow with his dogs outside Moscow</p><p>But Mr Putin has also shown a gentler side on Russian state media, cuddling his dogs and helping to care for endangered Amur tigers.</p><p>He is a proud former officer of the Soviet secret police, the KGB, with an entourage largely drawn from that old Soviet security elite.</p><p>The 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi was a lavish showcase for the Putin era: it cost Russia an estimated $51bn (£34bn) - the highest price tag for any Olympics.</p><p>He is passionate about ice hockey, like judo - and state TV has shown his skills on the ice.</p><h2>
