---
title: "Zarko-Characterization-Trial|omx"
author: "zarko maroli"
source: ebook
---

# Zarko-Characterization-Trial|omx

All had been started with the one thing, made of the letters A to Z, we are all now talking about and nearly always did, so it is quite shure, that near the all of what we see of the world, we are living in, is only from and within our own world, made of the word, we formed out of the given material of signs, that we all can see and use for telling others about the things we saw and saw not the ones, who should see it, too, what was now a snapshot in our minds, of the things, that passed, then, and were gone, now, outside our own inner world, where they had been given prolongation of life, a little bit of extension in duration of furtherliving - a projection, I just read in my dictionary, has also one meaning in a sense of making some thing longer lasting between dates, in time, by times, sometimes shorter, sometimes longer, which depends ...on some ...not only, but mostly, I would guess, on the given quality of the picture, we had taken with our snapshot, the one questioned thing, we ask for, saying „how good is this image?“ and one is saying, at once, „hey, man, it's really, really good stuff!“, but one, who is one of the other ones, feeling their need of own-mustache-giv'd'- nessac'itytoit'th'o, is saying evil- word like 'shit' or 'bad' or x t . , and that's it! That's it all! It's all about this, what this book and the whole series, than, of Zarko's „250 Posts...“ is dealing with, and further, all, that Zarko is writing about, sometimes a little bit closer, sometimes a little like: - beeing far out, he - beeing far of, it - going 2 far, x, but always is the lil' omx within it's original, OMX, both- way it's & it, 2 ! If you understand this game, you will understand the playing, when Zarko is going too far, and the permanent play of games like this „the carrying omx too far“, where the ominous 'x' is simply an shareholder for 'something', that can be quite anything, that is rather the opposite of singularity, while the OMX stands for the ideal of the term, expressed in words, for the bulk in cumulation, maybe, but that's not yet for sure, at this moment, right now, as the one behind it, the one in Zarko & the one, Zarko lives in, as like Zarko himself, too, is typing these letters, you asked for, providing a better description of the whole content of this book, you want to do an omx with/to/of/off/for/by/at/in or something ...in the end, finally: first of all the OMX, that is the stand4: making a decision, how much of it you will let get into your mind of it – because it is already there, in your mind, a good portion of it, starting with the image at first sight and continuing it's inflowing as long as you are thinking of it, which is to a good portion an unconscious dealing with pictures & images in the inner world of the human beeing, as everything perceptional, so you don't have to: - having uncomfortable feeling of any kind, belonging to this book and your judgements - understanding all the meanings, neither the hidden ones nor the plain ones' - worrying about some kind of special risks, you cannot handle - not feeling free, to deal or not to deal with it's Xes - regarding it as an enemy of Ur freedom - hesitate using it just for fun - taking more than: pleasure & joy in omx|- do-ing Ur own individual OMX|omx|book|this1, say, all of what can be done with a book, here reduced to all of which can be done with this one, in particular, you may do with it, if U like to & as long as U have Ur fun !With or without it, or whatsoever ...no fun in life: that's an impossibility & (practically) the death. This is my belief & this is, what Zarko is believing in. Seriousity cannot be taken seriously serious, but as a joke! Funnily enough, so it works! - And even if it's, thus, an error. Mistakening something as joke, may be mistake, but never an: error, at all (as such or something, maybe, not quite sure about it, we will see that: it & one day; Zarko & me) do it ! . (<<< the dot; reading backwards, it becomes the german 'tod'*) And telling you, that the mirror and mirroring is a repeating theme in Zarko's world, looking at this „dot|tod“-thing, reading down there in the footage something of the 'Sense', what looks like the 'sense', sounding like belonging to the word/term-clouds around cognition, you will not be surprised, that the word ' *siðe'* occurs and the Latin scindere (meaning "to cut") is the german 'schneiden', considering, that the death is often been seen as in connection to somewhat other side of or to life, that the cut and so divided halfs or in other dimension of relationship standing parts would be laid side by side, but apart, and that Helge Schneider ('cutter') has once made a near archetypical-audio-drama about the appearance of an weird 'Sensenmann', posing a 'Helge, the sens(e)män', written in a child-kind-hand-writing and -manner of scratching words on the blackboard with chalk by writing beneath or above the better fitting word – if objective- correct or rather subjectively the right is'nt here the question, with we should keep ourselves, but only the fact, that all is pic | cip si alla taht > wherever U look: Pics & Images. Everywhere! The 'CIP', chemical ion plating', even, 2. In essential it has to do with prolonging pic-life. And the other, by accident produced 'words' look like omx, that is, for me, the italian 'si' and the 'alla' calls up the arab 'Allah', but not quite clearly, the 'allataht' sounds like 'Arafat' to me, this 'that' as standolone gives a weak uneasy sensation of a somehow-could-be-'Attentat', what these muslims (must be lunatic frings) are discussing, reading the protocol of this eavesdropping, if the transcription has been worked out as accurate as can be done, and so on and so on andsoon andson ndson dson dson dsn dn dn n n _ _ … \ son sn sn s s _ _ … You see, Zarko is a science-punk, who loves to play with all he gets into his fingers. He is predestinated for that, what the german (he calls him/her 'german-fool, sometimes) it naming 'ein Spielkind', what my dictionary defines as 'nursery child', but in my inner-eye it looses it's meaning, it's omx (that is: will U be seen as child or adult?) to a certain grade of loss, but doesn't matter much in most cases of application-use. But he is no Korinthenkacker, what is 'nitpicker' 4 dict., but sometimes force to be accurate in every detail is his sense of his duty to make him even trial in partin' element used as, and all names given as of be12 : an : atom, nondiv. elements, in their pic, that they use or let use other as such image of reality, that is built, only one construction, made of pictured-images, the ones they have in mind and doing their communication with this, the ones, used in 'speech'. And look! How they always fail their aims! They do not hit their own targets, even the right-1s! These, whom they had given, at least the right names, soho.! They kinda always mismatch, when it comes to a deeper understanding. Which is, naturally, a rethorical-phrase, like the german names it, the phrase. Of course, because of the ever struggling over such mismatcshings. Tt didn't' come to deeper understanding, then & never before! That's, how Zarko sees it, in his limited frame of view, because he only knows what he knows – and this is: not very much. Not quite enough to do the work, he is doing, or sometimes, maybe, it's only a believing or a thinking he was doing that on this or that matter, what he calls a new kind of magic, scientifically- magically-explorational-em- piristical-research&ana- lyse-tech-develop- ment-institute- and-hypo- thesis- Cre- a t io nat ional Theory Supply & Production Industries AG! This is, how Zarko sometimes introduces his enterprise-ship with him as the capitano & staff and all of the team-in-between. Indeed, there exists a somewhat of some kind of a manufacture-like-trade, he is fully involved in idea, mind & body. And this complex, whose structure can be seen only by him and in his mind, where the conception of it had been formed together with a strong belief in the possible implemantation would be practicable thing, if only he had all the stuff, that would be needed to survive, mainly – as it's quite clear, and this is even plain to see for him, that there would be no buyer for the main-products, made in mass, by handcraft, the thousands and millions and billions little outputlets, he assiduously is making, but then no one wants and no one is in need for, even his own factory has only use for the fall-out of the manufactoring-process. the spin-off, all only of imaterial worth, while in nearer future, would the by-products and co-products possibly have a certain chance of liquidation into money, and that only, after transformation into the form of a picture, as images, taken of some especially interesting parts of the details of the processing, and there would be the very important crucial- factor of Q+ : A nice quality + fancier of such pics, automatic takes of his doings there. And this can become an unsolutional task, while the quality of what he is producing permanently, may depend one from each other in a way of interdependency, where the taken picture is the best, while the handmade at this moment is the worst manageable: and with that no longer useful were a side-productional- output, won so easy, up to date, now, so: what will we do now? No solution was sightable, thought Zarko, but maybe this was a mere dept of the german use of language, where the Eherne Regel (the iron / hard rule) is mandatory: Never use a simple word for only one purpose of use! Think around the corners! Min. corn.-turn.: 1! And that's why you will find so much vocabulary, where the average rate of thought-switches, you have to go-through until you might understand the meaning would be around the 3. Because „3 times is all good thing“ – that's, besides, of basic-beliefs in germany. And that's, btw., one of his base of (crude) beliefs, Zarkos is carry- ing around with him, to apply them at every fitting opportunity, he is seeing as something like the fitting, the matching to it [and this is a matter of images, again - a real big thing!] what makes this person amusing, even for the enemy of him or his beliefs, conviction and persuasion, or of the sometimes bearish, crude manners, he is showing off, while regarding him- self as a well-mannered from start, but having thus too much lost through his entire first life, he threw it all away and is now practising far away new models just for giving them a trial 2 find his alone own way 2do bet- ter in it, 1 d- ay, that might come for the types of his, as he is 'typo' 'thinker', forced to think on everything falling before feet, the ones, who are not too blinded by masters, the mr.- & mrs.-masters in the domestic-spaces & the '-of-the-game'-ones … You should not trust this man, even if it sounds rather good than bad, and quite reasonable, what he is talking about, by times! Better trust yourself! And if not enough, then make it... just more! That's what the w h o l e | ___/ ___......----´ t __/ s __/ u _____/ r ________/ t _________/ | is \ \ for: \ \______ Being to \____ be your own one. \__________ \__ And a shelter is a shelter is a shelter. \___ Not the next german supa-suppen-staah \__ in beeing used as new chance to steal money \_ from the poor. \_ \__ As the money is the money is the money. \ A goody for the buyer, the seller & the gamer. \ But not the best medium to store your own energy, \ that will be wasted by others. __/ __/ / I could never write such „gequirlten Käse“. _/ ___/ No way, of course! But the madman __/ ____/ - like Zarko, who is ___/ a dumb-dumb __/ & a fool - ___/ ___/ can __/ __/ . __/ __/ _/ | He lives in a country, called 'germany' by him and his figures, but it's not the germany within our real world, our & us material reality. It's an other germany whithout point, dot & comma, where the „Auerochs“ says goodnight to the „Truthahn“ and sometimes the „Auakock“ to the „Trueduettox“ a „guuds nächdle“ and „moin-moin“. It's a mad world, his, where he lives and writes and tries to think, since having learned he was a thinker. It is an over all consisting buildy, built of pics, pigs & images, through which none can see anything anyhow clearly. Now, these days. Not anymore. Coz one could - once, long ago - ! „Da lebten noch unsere Großeltern als Kleinbauern in eigenen (!) kleinen Hütten, hatten ihre eigenen (!) Tiere und konnten sich von ihren eigenen (!) Händen noch ernähren, einfach die Kartoffel ausbuddeln, den Apfelbaum schütteln oder die Erbsenwinde über dem Drahtnetz ausklopfen, dass als Filter die Erbsen durchfallen und die Hülsen, Blätter & Spinnen davon abhielt, sich gleich wieder hinterher zu stürzen – wenn's so was gäbe, für Menschen...-top! Und als der Edison seine Glühbirne erfunden hatte, konnten selbst die Armen in Deutschland sich ihr elektrisches Licht noch leisten: das Geld reichte für die ebirnen und den eStrom! Und dabei haben die Mistdinger noch das dreissigfache an Strom gefressen, damals! Und heute kann nicht mal mehr der Mittelstand es sich noch leisten, sein Licht auch nur eine Minute länger brennen zu lassen, als es „echt genutzt“ wird, ansonsten kommen horrende Nachforderungen am Ende des Jahres als Rechnung „Hallo, hier bin ich wieder, 's freudige Überraschungche!“ zu dem ansonsten vor Werbungspapier „Hey, kauf mich“ über-& überberstknallplatzquellenden Briefkasten, an den man sich ja gar nicht mehr so recht unbewaffnet und ohne die alte Ritterrüstung vom Ur-ur-ur-ur-Oppa wieder renaisso- niert, restauriert und tragfähig gemacht und ange- legt zu haben, herantrauen tut – als klein Nano- Bürger, der man shrink-shrunk-schrumpfen- der Weise geworden ist, vor allem in den zurückliegenen 3 Jahrzehnten Kohl & Merkel, aber naja ...“, sagt Zarko, um noch etwas kaum Verständ- liches hintendran zu babbeln: „...un de ZarraZ dedodedoa! Vunne Gardezwärche de oan midde Paidsh! Ai, des wuaa ah sun Misdzäg- Ungtuihm, duu ...“,*** immer leiser und ver- s... ... .. . Dem wollte ich zum Schluß doch noch mal, madman hin, madman her, Raum einräumen, selbst zu artikulieren, über was ich hier – als somewhat Außenstehender ja unfairly über so eine Person am Schreiben bin, that I cannot know good enough, to know, what he is thinking exactly, to be more precise – to be true. I'm really looking forward to see his „Noidoidshe Gramaa“, he is now working out&on, as well as on his own computer-language, that will let the machine speak to the man & the deer and makes them altogether communicate with each other, crossroads, 'querbeet' – you might say 'queerbet', ratherly. * The german 'tod' is not the german 'Tod' (the death) and not the 'tot' in the same language! While the latter says something about a state, that is, better, 'bout a: that is (a thing or something), is the 'tod' beeing used in conjunction with: will/would come, can/could come – a possibility, mostly connected to some kind of action or acting, that – as usually it is well-known for - carries the risk of calling up the black knight death with it's Sense - you say 'scythe'**, the 'Sensemann' or also written like 'Sensenmann'. ** „"Scythe" derives from Old English *siðe* . [1] In Middle English and after it was usually spelt *sithe* or *sythe* . However, in the 15th century some writers began to use the *sc-* spelling as they thought (wrongly) the word was related to the Latin *scindere* (meaning "to cut"). [2] Nevertheless, the *sithe* spelling lingered and notably appears in Noah Webster 's dictionaries. [3] [4] “ [Taken from the wikipedia (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scythe), 26.12.2013] *** And having said that..., murmouring that, Zarko got back to work, his own work, where … Um es kurz und schmerzlos zu machen: er ersann sich den HYBRIGHDA, ein kleines Kästle, groß wie eine Streichholzschachtel, mit dem das menschliche Kommunikationsnetz rund um den Globus lückenlos zu schließen zum ersten Mal endlich geglückt war, ohne dass Geld, die Blut- und Toten-Währung dabei noch eine iwi bedenkenswert bedeutende Rolle gespielt hatte: konnte sich doch praktisch jedes Schaf aus der eigenen Wolle so ein Kästle basteln und die für den Betrieb notwendige Energie mit ein paar Blökern im Nu selber erzeugen, um es vorsichtig mit einer absurden Metapher auszudrücken – dem Umstand geschuldet, aus dem alles heraus entstanden war: den surreal-anmutenden Verhältnissen, mit dem der Mensch seine Master&Ser- vant-Spiele auf die Spitze getrieben hatte, sich in Knechterei & Selbstkasteiungen erging, und in seinem Tun (wohl mehr ein atemloses Treiben) ganz übersehen hatte, was ihm die Väter und Vorväter (die im Übrigen auch die Mütter und Vormütter waren) so an feinen Gaben in den Erb- korb dochgelegt hatten! Die Lösung war für alles da, was je Problem gewesen war. Es hatte ein jedes OMX|Problem seine OMX|Lösungsmenge, das OMX|Lösung war ja der Container, Träger der Lösungsmenge, worin sich die zahlreichen Lösungsmöglichkeiten nur so tummelten, leben- dig wie nie, denn jetzt konnten sie sich auch endlich mal austoben – und zeigen, was sie so draufhatten, die Kameradinnen und deren Adjutanten! Da blieb nur noch die Qual der Wahl (wie auch der Mittel, denn daran ließ sich nun qualvoll leidend ersehen und erleben, wer da das Zepter {sich} in die Hand genommen hatte {oder legen ließ} und wer sich selbst und die eigenen Kinder und Kindeskinder die Seele verpfändet und in dämlichster Dummheit an alle Dummköpfe verkauft hatte, die all ihr selbstgedrucktes Geld in Schubkarren denen vor die Füße fuhren – so dass sich die schnellwachsenden Stapel nur so häuften, in Eigenmenge und in der Anzahl, in der man/fim sie nun allmählich erkennen konnte, bei denen -, denen die Schubkar- renfahrer ergebendst dienten, in voller Bewunderung ihres Reichtums, ihrer Reichtümer, die der Schubkarrler ihnen erarbeitet hatte, durch Knüppeln und Hauen, Schlagen und Stechen, rauben, morden, die eigenen Gesetze sich (zer)brechen – wie dito den eigenen Mitmensch - gleich in den eigenen vier Wänden fing man ja da an, früh ging's gleich los damit, und am Besten dann gleich ganz-ganz früh schon als Kid, wo einmal in der Woche die Kinder der Unter-Kitas die der Ober-Kitas besuchen und ihnen ihre Geschenke vor die Füße legen durften, die die Beinchen die hohen Thronstühle herabbaumeln ließen und quietschten vor Vergnügen, die einen wie die anderen, die vor Stolz fast platzten, wenn eins ihrer Idole sich dazu herabließ, sie nicht nur wie vorübergehende Randfiguren wahrzunehmen – oder auch nicht wahrzunehmen, denn das eine oder andere Dickerchen hielt ja immer Nickerchen. Die Vor-Selektion hatte da bereits früh stattgefunden, unmittelbar nach der Geburt gab es die erste Musterung und Eignungsverwendungsprüfungen, denen in den Jahren danach noch viele weitere folgten, je nach Grad der Sicherheit über die künftige Einordnung und Weiterprägung. In der Regel genügte Musterrung 1 - 3 und Eignungsverwendungsprüfungsblock 1 – '20, dann war der Weg bestimmt & bereitet – und es funzte! Mein liebes Lottchen! Was für eine Effek- tivität! Die Oberen nannten sich 'Göttliche', die Unteren nannten sie 'KönigInnen', während diese wiederum die Unteren „Frühverblassende“ zu bezeichnen pflegten – ganz öffentlich und offiziell. Und von solch einem Kind trennte man wie frau sich immer gerne schnell. Das war bei denen, die selbst dazu gehörten, genau dasselbe wie bei denen, die als 'Höhere' aufgewachsen und groß und alt geworden waren, als Eltern, ganz exakt genau so! Denn der Mensch ist zum König und zum Fußabtreter geboren – das ist die seine eine Natur, nicht mehr, doch auch nicht weniger! Das ist doch was! So oder so! Was will der eitle Geck da immer, und immer noch mehr? Ist das nicht mehr alswie genügend? Ist nicht Genügsamkeit die hohe Tugend? Der Könige und Ritter? Der zuarbeitenden Zunft & Zünfte? Der Handlanger und Steigbügelhalter? Sehr ehrenwertes Handgewerke! Das dieser Mob verrichten tut! Da wär doch nun, fürwahr, ein weniges an mehr, der Dankbarkeitserweisung durchlauchterdingens anzubringen angesagt und Dank und Ehrerbietung zu erweisen beinahe Pflicht! Der Mädchen, wie der Buben, die dazu erkoren, vom hohen Schicksal, glücklich wurden und nun also sind! Warum seh ich nur verzogne Mienen, denen die Tumbheit im bildlichsten Sinne des Wortes ins Gesicht geschrieben und dort stehen gelassen worden scheint! Fast schon könnte ich es als eine Beleidigung auffassen, der meinen Diener, Sklaven, Fußabtreter – dass sich hier keine der Kreaturen freut, wüsst ich nicht um die Nähe zur plumpen Kröte im Teich, der doch alles immer gleich, und immer gleich der langen Weil bloss ist: plump rum gehockt und die Flieg sich reingeslobbt! Und dann über den fetten Wanst von da nach da gerobbt – noch simulierend nur geschäftiger Gewatschel, der Gans & Ent sich abgekuckt! Zum Kuckuck! Meine Damen & Herren! Monsigneur Zarraz!! Herbei, herbei – geschwind! Kommt, lasse er die Paidshè knallen! Den Tierchen hier müsst es gefallen! Sie scheinen schon Entzug zu leiden, gar noch vor dem, da erst Gewöhnung vor- und eingetreten doch einmal ist! Unweigerlich. Doch ist grad dies ja, was sie lieben! Dies …und all ihr Sehnen ...nach Euren Schlägen & den Hieben – der ganzen Entourage zu Hof! Gar könnt wer meinen, die seien doof! Doch Gegenteiligs ist der Fall, für immer und immer und überall: Es bedarf nun Eurer Paidshe Knall, Herr Zarraz! Darf ich nun (endlich!) bitten?“, sprach just die Kaisrin in die Stille. Wie in die Leere. Wie auch andersrum und aus- und vergetauscht mit sich und unter sich ...und Zarraz kam und grinste nicht. Niemals. Starr regungslos die Maskenfratze. Umso bewegter dann die Tatze! In der er 90 Peitschen hielt! Von denen jede eine hielt! Stets auch das, was sie versprach! Danach! Denn aus praktischer Er- wägung, davon heraus ausgehend, ließ einst die Kaiserin dies auch einmal recht gründlich sich erforschen: mit dem Ergebnis, dass 'hinterher' viel besser als 'zuvor' nun doch ja schließlich ist! Die andere Meinung ward von da an verboten und mit einem strengen Bann belegt: „Zu Unser Aller Segen & Benefit“ stand es in dicken litographisch-rundgewölbten Lettern auf dem Ein- Band des 33-seitigen Neu-Gesetzes, verbindlich für alle, die weilen – zur Tatzeit – innert der Landesgrenzen des „Unser heiliges Reich“, wie dort zu lesen stand. Einer der Fußabtreter auf dem Boden kotzte leise, als Zarraz schweren Schrittes zum zweiten Mal, mit den Hacken der Sohlen seiner BW-Leder-Stiefel in diesen sich reinkeilend, fest auftretend, hindrüber exerziert war wie ein steifer Zinnsoldat vor dem Herrn. Ein Fingerschnipp vom Stiefelleck, der dieses sah ... und herbei kamen geeilt die LaufburschenschaftlerInnen, um mit ihren blecken Zungen dies unappetittliche Zeugs da schnell wieder aufzulecken und so den Boden wieder in seinen gewohnt gereinigten Zustand zu versetzen. Hier stimmte die Organisation und die Aufeinan- derabgestimmtheit noch. Es war eine wahre, reine Pracht! So wird’s genacht! Wurd gedacht. Hat da jeder, hamm alle da dodebei sich nur gedacht. Auch bloss nur gedacht! Bloss gedacht. Text analysis

Updated on 
Apr 26, 2014
 by 
Zarko Maroli
 (
Version 13
)